Simplify library search process (#13836)
emscripten-core/emscripten: ChangeLog.md

Current Trunk
-------------

> - Refactoring of the library search algorithm means that emscripten no longer
>   supports some (unintented) methods of library lookup:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In order to behave more like clang and gcc, emscripten no longer
  supports some nonstandard methods of library lookup (that worked
  unintentionally and were untested and not documented):
```
